src/index.md, before:

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">

![](img/charmnet_logo.png)

# Center for Hierarchical and Robust Modeling of Non-Equilibrium Transport (CHaRMNET) 

The CHaRMNET Mathematical Multifaceted Integrated Capability Center (MMICC) is motivated by the need to develop accurate long-term modeling of plasma systems for fusion energy and national security that are suitable for optimization and uncertainty quantification at the engineering scale.  Led by Michigan State University and Los Alamos National Laboratory, CHaRMNET brings together national leaders from five universities and four DOE national labs in the mathematical modeling of plasmas.  The center seeks to build a first-of-its-kind _holistic_ approach that will exploit structure within models to mitigate the curse of dimensionality and to bridge a wide range of length and time scales in plasma science. The curse of dimensionality is a critical challenge that is pervasive throughout computational science and refers to the observation that the resources needed to solve a problem on a computer scale exponentially with the dimension of the problem.  Fundamental plasma models are seven-dimensional and are presently computationally intractable (with existing mathematical methods and computational resources) to drive optimization and uncertainty quantification at the engineering scale of plasma systems.  

</div><div class="col-md-6 news-table" markdown="1">

## Highlights


* A synergistic theoretical and data-driven approach to hierarchical modeling, including a wide range of surrogates
* Next-generation multi-resolution, mixed-model algorithms that provide a self-adaptive structure in terms of the methods and the models
* Structure and asymptotic preserving algorithms that enforce model consistency throughout the model hierarchy. 


## News

Date             | Message
---------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------
Jul 23, 2023	   | CHaRMNET team members will attend and give talks in [17th USNCCM](https://www.usacm.org/index.php?option=com_jevents&task=icalrepeat.detail&evid=58&Itemid=115&year=2023&month=07&day=23&title=17th-us-national-congress-on-computational-mechanics&uid=b15383b96fc7e4c781329611608bb6ed)
May 21, 2023	   | CHaRMNET team members gave talks in [50th ICOPS](http://ece-events.unm.edu/icops2023/)
Mar 01, 2023	   | CHaRMNET team members gave talks in [SIAM CSE 2023](https://www.siam.org/conferences/cm/conference/cse23)
Oct 20, 2022     | DOE is now accepting applications for  [CSGF](htpps://www.krellinst.org/csgf/).
Oct 18, 2022     | CHaRMNET team members gave talks in [APS DPP](https://engage.aps.org/dpp/meetings/annual-meeting).
Sep 26, 2022     | CHaRMNET team members gave talks in [SIAM MDS](https://www.siam.org/conferences/cm/conference/mds22).
Jun 21, 2022     | Luis Chacon (LANL) was awarded the [EO Lawrence Award](https://science.osti.gov/lawrence).

## Nine CHaRMNET partner institutions

&nbsp;

<div class="row">
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:27%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.msu.edu"><img src="img/logos/MSU.png" alt="MSU logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:42%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.lanl.gov"><img src="img/logos/LANL_2.png" alt="LANL logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:18%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.uw.edu"><img src="img/logos/Washington.png" alt="UW logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
</div>

&nbsp;

<div class="row">
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:30%;padding:0"><a href="https://www.colorado.edu"><img src="img/logos/UCBoulder.png" alt="UCB logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:30%;padding:0"><a href="https://www.udel.edu/"><img src="img/logos/Delaware.png" alt="UDEL logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:37%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.ornl.gov"><img src="img/logos/ORNL.png" alt="UMASS logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
</div>

&nbsp;

<div class="row">
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:30%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.sandia.gov"><img src="img/logos/SNL.png" alt="SNL logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:40%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.llnl.gov"><img src="img/logos/LLNL_2.webp" alt="LLNL logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:17%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.umassd.edu"><img src="img/logos/UMASS.png" alt="UMASS logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
</div>

</div><div class="col-md-12 bottom"></div>

Commit message:

updated news of Yingda award

src/index.md, after:

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">

![](img/charmnet_logo.png)

# Center for Hierarchical and Robust Modeling of Non-Equilibrium Transport (CHaRMNET) 

The CHaRMNET Mathematical Multifaceted Integrated Capability Center (MMICC) is motivated by the need to develop accurate long-term modeling of plasma systems for fusion energy and national security that are suitable for optimization and uncertainty quantification at the engineering scale.  Led by Michigan State University and Los Alamos National Laboratory, CHaRMNET brings together national leaders from five universities and four DOE national labs in the mathematical modeling of plasmas.  The center seeks to build a first-of-its-kind _holistic_ approach that will exploit structure within models to mitigate the curse of dimensionality and to bridge a wide range of length and time scales in plasma science. The curse of dimensionality is a critical challenge that is pervasive throughout computational science and refers to the observation that the resources needed to solve a problem on a computer scale exponentially with the dimension of the problem.  Fundamental plasma models are seven-dimensional and are presently computationally intractable (with existing mathematical methods and computational resources) to drive optimization and uncertainty quantification at the engineering scale of plasma systems.  

</div><div class="col-md-6 news-table" markdown="1">

## Highlights


* A synergistic theoretical and data-driven approach to hierarchical modeling, including a wide range of surrogates
* Next-generation multi-resolution, mixed-model algorithms that provide a self-adaptive structure in terms of the methods and the models
* Structure and asymptotic preserving algorithms that enforce model consistency throughout the model hierarchy. 


## News

Date             | Message
---------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------
Aug 20, 2023     | CHaRMNET team member [Dr. Yingda Cheng was awarded](https://sinews.siam.org/Details-Page/august-prize-spotlight#Cheng) the 2023 [Germund Dahlquist Prize](https://www.siam.org/prizes-recognition/major-prizes-lectures/detail/germund-dahlquist-prize?_ga=2.106379200.2974610.1694451651-2013064564.1684331401) for her outstanding work on discontinuous Galerkin methods at [ICIAM 2023](https://iciam2023.org/). 
Jul 23, 2023	 | CHaRMNET team members will attend and give talks in [17th USNCCM](https://www.usacm.org/index.php?option=com_jevents&task=icalrepeat.detail&evid=58&Itemid=115&year=2023&month=07&day=23&title=17th-us-national-congress-on-computational-mechanics&uid=b15383b96fc7e4c781329611608bb6ed)
May 21, 2023	 | CHaRMNET team members gave talks in [50th ICOPS](http://ece-events.unm.edu/icops2023/)
Mar 01, 2023	 | CHaRMNET team members gave talks in [SIAM CSE 2023](https://www.siam.org/conferences/cm/conference/cse23)
Oct 20, 2022     | DOE is now accepting applications for  [CSGF](htpps://www.krellinst.org/csgf/).
Oct 18, 2022     | CHaRMNET team members gave talks in [APS DPP](https://engage.aps.org/dpp/meetings/annual-meeting).
Sep 26, 2022     | CHaRMNET team members gave talks in [SIAM MDS](https://www.siam.org/conferences/cm/conference/mds22).
Jun 21, 2022     | Luis Chacon (LANL) was awarded the [EO Lawrence Award](https://science.osti.gov/lawrence).

## Nine CHaRMNET partner institutions

&nbsp;

<div class="row">
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:27%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.msu.edu"><img src="img/logos/MSU.png" alt="MSU logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:42%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.lanl.gov"><img src="img/logos/LANL_2.png" alt="LANL logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:18%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.uw.edu"><img src="img/logos/Washington.png" alt="UW logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
</div>

&nbsp;

<div class="row">
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:30%;padding:0"><a href="https://www.colorado.edu"><img src="img/logos/UCBoulder.png" alt="UCB logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:30%;padding:0"><a href="https://www.udel.edu/"><img src="img/logos/Delaware.png" alt="UDEL logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:37%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.ornl.gov"><img src="img/logos/ORNL.png" alt="UMASS logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
</div>

&nbsp;

<div class="row">
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:30%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.sandia.gov"><img src="img/logos/SNL.png" alt="SNL logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:40%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.llnl.gov"><img src="img/logos/LLNL_2.webp" alt="LLNL logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:1%;padding:0"></div>
<div class="col-xs-6 col-md-6" style="width:17%;padding:0"><a href="http://www.umassd.edu"><img src="img/logos/UMASS.png" alt="UMASS logo" class="desaturate" style="display:inline;padding:0;margin:0"></a></div>
</div>

</div><div class="col-md-12 bottom"></div>
